hello everyone welcome to the ipfs
qualifications weekly sync for equal to
six 2020 and aching brain I will be your
host we're gonna go through our high
priority initiatives and these what's a
lot of stuff it's gonna be anything so
you have note taker that's cool
now first now if everyone could put
their names into the attendee this wait
and go through the initiatives so the
first one is upcoming in shift releases
I can talk about Joseph's EFS briefly we
shipped in note point forty two you know
kind of flew back because there's no one
because there was no record big fun
feature for it was just a bunch of bug
fixes but one of them happens to be a
breaking change on the version number
there is a blog post which I'm gonna I'm
gonna leave this chair until I finished
it and so that will be coming later
later later but soon yeah so go ahead
for Jacob yeah the 5rc should hopefully
be coming later today we just need to
finish up a few last minute bugs and
then chuck it over the wall for people
to start testing with awesome there we
should get an update from Stephen when
he gets on this fall about what those
last few bugs are I remember there was
something that needed a review from
yesterday yeah there are a few last
minute like DHT issues that need to get
resolved yeah they have student pops on
he can go through those
oh so the next initiative is upgraded
testing you in for a smashed persons
what are you giving you better come to a
meeting I think that's pretty similar to
the 0.5 sprint that that I think the
main thing is abundant there's a stable
cut of the DHT or pretty close so say
Perry Scott got merged at this point so
it's just sort of final things towards
1/5 of the moon
and then with that we have a few things
that we also are tabling because like
you want to get this out
so we're tabling a few things for about
six somebody were working with the team
to figure out like the things that we
want to get into the six release and
then all of the stuff that we we punted
toda six from moto five make sure that
works all prioritized so we have a
collection of that so we'll be working
on that but after Dianna 5rc
Steven you've just arrived and the tools
quickly about ego activist point five
yes the plan is I think Jacobs question
was like what what what it particularly
is on the burndown list that needs to go
down by the end of the day in order to
get to that so we had some test failures
if s1 panic did reveal fix for that's it
basically it's like given fist has to
pass try to run something for a couple
hours to make sure there's nothing like
totally wonky about it and then make the
belt cut the RC so there's no other
early and we don't think I think we felt
solvers since well you solved all the
any issues with the stream wealth of
lectures by just rolling things back the
only thing left is like double check the
DHT stuff the plan is not to do the dual
DHT then so a single DHT or psycho like
not have a private HT inequalities she
just said this one DHT and also not have
the address filtering the DHD because
both of those with like break
Maddie's behind that's also not have the
the automat system used for the VHD and
this release is the problem there is
again like if I'm a private network
ya know with public then like none of
these knows what can be two servers and
that would break people who are on
private
the other way to go here we can talk
about is like we could set thieves team
to auto mode by default and instill hey
if you're running on a private like on
vbn don't upgrade its are safe we will
fix this in the next dressing but I'd
rather let more people finish this right
now yeah and then make this change in
the second RC yeah how much time do we
expect between the second RC and the
full release because it would be useful
to get some testing of that code well so
I want the second RC to be out at the
end of this week actually
yeah or at the beginning next week I
guess we do any tests that code but we
also want like an actual test contest of
that code which is the other reason why
I'm thinking maybe pop trenwith into
this RC it's something we definitely
actually 1% even released it's kind of
critical for the release but we have
been testing water net for a while
our net just seems to work magically so
like the only thing I don't think we're
going to be finding using automat in the
RC I think we find me she's an otter net
it'll be in like test contests where
every notice it just does not like its
scale which I don't think it's gonna
happen because again we've had it for a
while and seems to just work but yeah I
think that's the place suggested that's
my current thinking there I'm also
including it and saying like if you're
gonna run this well what network can
look at the HD like I mean I guess my
mic pushback would be test ground is
only gonna have the network
configurations that we already know how
to code and the RC is where we're going
to find the weird Network configurations
true yes yeah so maybe we should just do
it yeah that's a good argument for just
like saying okay like this RC is not
going to work if you don't if you're not
kidding about that work if you're on a
private or if you're on private network
well so we can't add so we were planning
on adding a mode DT server mode only a
DHT and each the client the DC servo
motors going to be like trust me I won't
be a server so we could add that mode
right now
it's like 10 minutes and then tap ok if
you're running it like VPNs stuff like
that he isn't able to each the server
mode and then your notebook continue to
do what it's supposed to do but
basically I went off points for
giddiness prints out ASAP we don't think
the system right now can make it worse
today
but basically regardless what happens we
were coming on our say to the end of the
day we're not going to be walking up
decisions just like well this first for
that first I think it's done
updates I've been up to here the what
was Lake do we thought we saw was the
heartlessly it was a metrics issue we
have now accept metrics issue and we fix
the problem the metrics were now
reporting our bit weird they're pointing
before us we're gonna have to work on
that and try to better metrics but
that's not critical and blocking
abilities that stream there's contention
getting research and improvements Peter
Nelson take it away
yes so I have the two converging Network
FS except for rabbin which should land
another four hours hopefully there was
yet another redesign of the tool to
start running in constant time with no
locations there is no GC anymore
showing up on any profile all to get to
point where benchmarks actually mean
stuff this was prompted after a couple
discussions with people who are really
interested in using that
so yeah I don't I cook gone with a
little bit less sleep it should show up
by end of tomorrow for external use
they're already two people waiting to
start playing with that so that's where
I am I have a question or for Stephen
where we whether we're reconsidering
putting in the deck import/export stuff
in this release or it's definitely out
at this point I'm still putting in the
next are seen not as far see it is a
very very very small feature and we do
really want to end it's been a while
okay so so I will then prioritize
getting these benchmarks in that you
wanted because I I wasn't sure if we're
still putting it or not
okay cool others we have external
dependencies on a feature yeah this will
be available to end by end of tomorrow
so I have well the next thing up is the
roster of a fascination - hey folks we
are just rounding the end of phase one
point two which is the end of phase one
the super phase we are going to be
delivering the block endpoints the Dagon
points the represent points in the bit
swap endpoints all conforming to the
interface tests as expected the one note
that I had I've talked to Volker and
Hugo about this is that we will be
making some PRS to refactor some of the
interface tests to not use a diversity
of api's on a singular test so for
example like the refs end points also
relies on ipfs on add and object put
which we don't have in rust ipfs so we
discussed that and
permission to basically replace those
with the much simpler like block dot put
ap eyes and things like that so that's
about it from us so you'll be able to
expect that best case Wednesday worst
case Friday will be when those the final
grant report and the features will be
you know will land in rust fbms so that
would be really cool and that should
enable people to make some IPL the
applications which we need to see that's
awesome
woo thanks bye and thanks everybody
that's all for me not simply something I
look forward to the younger girls so the
in space test as well goodies no just a
purse Ross code so moving on to the
other Anna strips so the good
initiatives that I'm holding low
priority so you need to first be one
point five I'm sorry UNIX FST one point
five there's a there's an open bounty
for this being implemented in go and
someone has picked it up and it's
working on it but I do not yet know when
they're going to finish it but they were
making comments on the suspects they're
paying attention and and doing stuff I
don't know what their ETA is though yeah
pretty much all the questions that they
did post got answered but we haven't
heard from them what's apply about the
week now
oh cool so odd performance in Josephus
this is a large area I'm pinning of the
moment and so I still have another
chance to incorporate the feedback from
you know discussions I did create a
small roadmap for Joseph Yvette's which
is linked to the top of the Lichtman and
part of that is the pinning so it's
slave for like three relations of time
so yeah we shipped one of Rosco's item
pierced were improvements
the main section yes I can talk everyone
so this is an initiative for this
quarter their peers are improvements in
jessalyn basically the main goal is to
improve browser notes connectivity and
also the peer discovery on second note
starts also with these we want to
provide the friendlier here's our API
and the white words the future your
servitude
so basically I created a plan for these
improvements which which is divided into
six milestones the issue is linked if
you want to check it out and the goal
for this is to go from the current state
of our fifth story into a persistent
beer store and then your servitude so
I'm currently working on the first
milestones which basically constitutes
the first one in decoupling the recipe
to be pierced or into the address book
in proto book and with this we can go to
the second one which I'm also starting
to work which is removing the piercer
the period for usage across the code
base and after it deep regret it the
first milestone is now in the review
stage and I'm starting the development
for the second one and that's it
remember to the e25 five one nine key
interrupt yeah so we have most of the
code in jail OPP but we're not doing
interrupt tests so the goal there is to
get
tests all the way up through both in
lipid V Interop and into IVFs Interop
because we need this in place and need
to make sure that it's working properly
in J s before ipfs o dot six ships so
I'm gonna try to get that done
sooner rather than later so that we can
get that to point out into the J s wilds
before go-go's
cream stuff and so if you're skipping
the crystal section actually copy and
pasted the quit palette into a text
document because scrolling is not great
and everyone's edits in the ever seen
time so yeah so the interests of there
is the migration small slash kings in
the block school
cold that's the end of the
them so long to design review proposals
anybody got anything they like lockers
and asks questions walking them amazing
I think that's their done I think we're
done thank you very much come this has
been me I'll give a score on confessions
weekly same for Monday the 6th of April
20 2010 Icahn brain stay safe from the
internet touch your face till ya see you
guys actually model